## How to Install and Use Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup

  
# How to Install and Use Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup
 
Libfredo6 is a plugin library that provides a set of common functions and tools for other plugins developed by Fredo6. It is not a standalone plugin, but a support file that you need to install if you want to use Fredo6's plugins, such as FredoScale, RoundCorner, HoverSelect, etc.
 
## Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup


[**DOWNLOAD**](https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Furloso.com%2F2tLmiY&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw2HCSPXadfrCCm9XJFtvNtc)

 
In this article, we will show you how to install and use Libfredo6 V3.2 for Sketchup, the latest version of the library as of April 2023. We will also explain some of the features and settings of Libfredo6 that can help you optimize your Sketchup workflow.
 
## How to Install Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup
 
The easiest way to install Libfredo6 V3.2 for Sketchup is to use the SketchUcation Plugin Store[^1^], which is a free online repository of hundreds of Sketchup extensions and plugins. You can access the Plugin Store from within Sketchup by installing the SketchUcation Tools extension first.
 
Once you have the SketchUcation Tools extension installed, you can open the Plugin Store dialog from the Extensions menu in Sketchup. Then, you can search for Libfredo6 in the search box and click on the Install button next to it. This will automatically download and install Libfredo6 V3.2 for Sketchup in your Plugins folder.
 
Alternatively, you can download the RBZ file of Libfredo6 V3.2 for Sketchup from the Plugin Home Page of Libfredo6[^3^], which is maintained by Fredo6 himself. Then, you can install it manually by going to the Window menu in Sketchup and choosing Extension Manager. Click on the Install Extension button and browse to the RBZ file that you downloaded.
 
## How to Use Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup
 
As mentioned earlier, Libfredo6 is not a standalone plugin, but a support file for other plugins developed by Fredo6. Therefore, you need to install at least one of Fredo6's plugins that require Libfredo6 in order to use it.
 
Some of the most popular plugins that require Libfredo6 are:
 
- FredoScale: A plugin that allows you to scale, stretch, twist, bend and shear objects in Sketchup.
- RoundCorner: A plugin that allows you to round the edges and corners of 3D shapes in Sketchup.
- HoverSelect: A plugin that allows you to select entities by hovering over them with your mouse cursor.
- FredoTools: A collection of various tools for Sketchup, such as ThruPaint, Curviloft, JointPushPull, etc.

You can find and install these plugins from the Plugin Store or from Fredo6's forum thread[^3^]. Once you have installed them, you can access them from the Tools menu or from their respective toolbars in Sketchup.
 
## How to Configure Libfredo6 V3.2 For Sketchup
 
Libfredo6 does not have a toolbar but installs a submenu Libfredo6 Settings… in the Window menu of Sketchup[^1^]. It contains a command to specify the language preferences, as well as several utilities for plugin information and maintenance.
 
The language preferences allow you to choose the language for the user interface and messages of Libfredo6 and its dependent plugins. You can choose from 20 languages supported by Libfredo6 V3.2 for Sketchup.
 
The utilities include:

- Check Plugins for Update: This allows you to check if there are any updates available for Libfredo6 and its dependent plugins.
- Plugin Info: This allows you to see detailed information about Libfredo6 and its dependent plugins, such as version number, author name, description, etc.
- Plugin Folder: This allows you to open the Plugins folder in your file explorer.
- Clear Trace Files: This allows you to delete any trace files generated by Libfredo6 0f148eb4a0
